This is a head-gum original.
Cold open.
It's one of those rare cold opens where it happened after the show.
Cold closing.
Cold closing, but it's going to start the episode.
Got it.
I understand what you're trying to do.
Which is to salvage the app because a mere forgot to record the video.
Yeah, I guess producer am here.
I never hit record.
Yeah.
You didn't press the button or something.
I'm behind the desk.
I could have pressed record.
Yes.
But I left that job up to you today.
And guess what didn't end up happening?
I didn't know that.
It was my job.
Really?
Of course not.
Is that because I didn't say anything.
Yeah.
I don't know that one.
Red off the bat the first time.
You probably should have known.
You like it.
There's no real indicator for you.
There's usually a red light.
And I kind of did after I.
Yeah.
The last thing I was like, is this video?
Or, and I was surprised when you said it.
It was video.
She knew the whole time.
I did.
You could have said anything at any point.
You could have said it by intelligence.
You could have said, hey, I don't think the video was recording.
And then I would have been like.
You were perfect.
I'm so rarely in front of the camera.
I know.
They know what they're doing.
I'm really in front of it.
Yeah.
Your biggest mistake is thinking that Jeff knows what he's doing.
It's hard.
Because again, it's getting the benefit of it.
Versus reward.
It's risk versus reward.
It's me versus reward.
And ultimately, that is the.
Drawing.
It all makes sense soon enough.
Enjoy the episode everybody.
Let's get straight into it.
Let's all introduce ourselves.
I'll introduce you guys because I'm a host and that's kind of part of my job.
Amelia and I'm already forgetting your last name.
Marino.
Like Sam.
Yeah, like Sam.
Amir Blumenfeld.
And on your kind of Scott.
Sorry.
And Marina.
And like Dan.
Yeah, like Sam and Dan.
Like Sam.
Marino.
Like the city.
Next to Pasadena.
Yeah.
Not like the world famous football.
What do you know?
Home to the Huntington Gardens.
Is that true?
I think so.
Or Huntington that might be Pasadena.
It's the city over.
Yeah.
It's not even ultimately Sam.
And then on your kind of sky.
Okay.
You want to take that again.
On your kind of sky.
And then on you.
I sent you a little something about myself to introduce me.
Do you want to go ahead and read that?
Yeah.
Do you want to do it me or first or no?
I said Amir Blumenfeld.
And if we skip them, that's.
That's fine.
Okay.
Please welcome to the show.
The head gun podcast.
DEI host Jeffrey James.
Wow.
I don't think it's fair that he doesn't want to wear a brown man.
Can't get ahead.
But without people tearing him down by saying the reason he hosts the show is.
What diversity and inclusion.
You said that.
Yeah.
Actually, I said it.
But you told me to say it on you.
Checkmate.
Really?
Cause you had a bad day.
Do you want to.
For anyone who doesn't know you.
Introduce yourself.
I don't think I did a great job.
I am Amelia Marino, like San Marino.
Pretty good.
I'm also an associate producer on another head gun podcast called Do Boys.
So, uh.
Unbelievable.
Big ol' Yikes.
One of our most popular shows definitely not only in numbers.
Definitely not only metric to metric.
The other metric is culture.
How many of our listeners across the entire network?
Have a mustache and long hair now because of me.
Zero.
On you, zero.
Cause yeah.
Can you hear the sound of that?
Do you still look for it?
Can you hear some of our other words?
I know.
I actually have a question for on you.
Really?
If you ever don't want to tell somebody something to ever say on your business.
That's good.
That's pretty good.
Yeah, let's keep the buzz on it.
Do you want to tell people, do you want to tell Amelia what my name on the show is?
On your zero.
I think it's not a hero.
It's because my alias for a while was Tony zero and then she ended up taking it.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
I feel like the fans did that.
Exactly.
A lot of it is canon.
I feel like we are a little glossary of truth.
I mean, you listen to all 200 episodes of the show.
I did.
198.
I was right.
It's hard because I feel like the doughboys don't have their own like glossary of
terms.
I feel like the show has that.
So that's what we definitely do.
Amelia segments and jokes and kind of callbacks.
There's like a side jokes though.
And they've been doing it for ten years.
Ten years?
Yeah.
And how old were you ten years ago?
Ten years ago.
I would have been a middle school.
Yeah.
So there's the difference right there.
I have to tell you a story.
I actually forgot to tell you.
This is funny.
Yeah.
American.
I fast from you thinking that I was only a diversity higher.
Let's go on.
Sure.
We'll come back to it.
Did you?
American.
I've been designing some head gum merch, which is very exciting.
I saw something.
Did you see the one that she was.
You know the one that she's talking about.
She being me.
You know.
And you know the one you're talking about.
You know the one you're talking about.
Do you know what you're saying?
Yeah.
I have an idea.
Are you saying that you like?
I think you're saying the same thing as you.
Yeah.
You're saying the same thing as you.
You know the shirts that she's building.
I mean.
I know.
Same.
Yeah.
I was the same page.
Two zeros today.
In a way.
What is this shirt?
So we've been designing these shirts.
We're working with like a company.
It's going to help us just like put them together.
And we kind of sent them.
American.
I like sent them a.
A deck with our ideas, but we didn't like finish doing them.
Like we we we like here's the link.
And we didn't have time to really go back and look at it.
And then what they sent back there was a page of just.
Kind of we were like a head gum jokes and kind of just ran them ideas.
Yeah.
And what they sent back.
And they sent back.
It was just things we had jotted down.
So what they sent back is actually was like a shirt with like a mishmash of things.
And then it just like randomly says on your zero.
And then like rice.
Rice.
So it's like if A I made a shirt.
And it was clear that they were like, what?
But I guess we have to put this together.
Jeff's man.
Jeff's not reacting in his mad because there's no reference to his name on the shirt.
We had shirts with my whole face on it.
It was me.
I'm not mad.
I'm just planning the next fucking thing.
But I'm telling you a story.
Are you saying you already heard from someone named me?
You're saying you're the same.
You're the same.
You don't need all of this to have me tell that earlier.
You've me has already told you that.
It's the same story.
Same shirt that same shirt.
Same shirt different day.
Sure.
Now that's a shirt idea.
Really good.
It's hard because I love to have shirts on that are saying what I'm about to say.
Like if I had a shirt that said, if I had a shirt that said, yeah, that'd be the perfect time to wear it.
And say it.
Because when you wear the shirt that says the sentence, you have to make sure you say it the day you wear that shirt.
Same shirt different day.
I feel like I'm in a fever drain.
That's a good show.
Yeah, that's a good show.
A log line for the show.
I know I say overlap in dialogue with things.
That's good doesn't add much to the conversation.
And say that.
We're clearly having a listen to a doughboys episode.
Nice.
Wow.
That's good.
It's very valid.
Yeah.
Kind of like a jungle theme.
Jungle both.
A jungle both.
A live show at the rainforest cafe.
Where is that?
We can't afford that.
I don't really listen to the doughboys much.
I do like that show though.
Do you listen to this show?
I did listen to all 198 episodes to prep for this.
You listen to episode 198.
To prep for this.
I listen to the first couple minutes of this episode.
Sitting here right now.
To prep for this moment.
I think you got it.
That's kind of like.
So you didn't know anything about it.
But you wanted to be on it.
I kind of wanted to go.
I asked on you, which episode I should listen to.
And she said on your business.
That's really, really.
She said that.
Because she had heard it when you said it.
Yeah.
And you were like, just pick anyone.
It doesn't matter.
And then I asked what to expect.
And you were like, it's going to be like,
It's going to be wild.
Or I don't know.
I feel like that's not fair.
The show is like a wild spot.
It's not fair.
It's a wild spot.
I don't know.
I feel like that.
I realized maybe I go in blind and maybe that's
Maybe that's maybe better.
I'm glad people are getting a chance to get to know
your ass because you're going to be on the,
the 200th episode, right?
Oh, I actually won't.
Unfortunately.
I'm going to, I'm going out of town.
Where are you going San Marino?
I'm going to.
Miami.
Really?
Where'd you go?
San Marino.
I'm going home.
Back east.
Are you from Miami.
No, no, sorry.
I was making a Dan Marino joke. I try to keep up.
I have no idea.
I'm from Marino.
I feel like a show now.
I mean, do you want to host the show?
Yeah.
Is this it?
Yeah. Like permanently?
Sure.
All we have to do is sort of rotate.
I don't know what we consider the head of the class.
Yeah.
Okay.
I can do that.
Kind of being, yeah.
Yeah.
It actually is a problem.
Give me a little more advice.
Okay.
So.
Yeah.
This is kind of fucked up.
Makes sense though, right?
It feels right.
Oh, nice catch Dan Marino style.
Is this audio or visual as well?
It's a video.
Okay. So everyone saw that.
I caught the glasses.
No.
Why the way?
Can you tell where she's from?
The way she just said that word?
You're from the South Shore of Long Island.
I just mentioned where I was from like a few seconds ago.
I don't think we were.
I'm from.
I'm from New York.
Amityville.
Uh, no.
But that's a movie.
Right.
Amityville.
My mom is from Amityville.
Are you from Long Island?
No.
I'm from a.
Originally.
It's from Brooklyn.
Which is why.
The weird.
Sometimes.
Second one.
A mirror.
But I'm not in love with it.
This other people.
I'm very, very happy.
So I'm like.
I'm like.
I'm almost brother.
Yes.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm your host.
Oh,Woman.
And your dilemma or you know,
no, and because you pop the glasses you're more of an old Jim,
like You dog.
I was like, Eat it.
Okay.
We'll put in it in a good 11 minutes,
but I thought that was kind of funny
We'll put it in like a river deep.
I'm like in this show a lot.
That was the cold open.
Basically there's no way.
That was a cold open,
welcome.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the Head Them podcast.
I'm your host.
Amelia Marino and sitting here we have Jeff. Jeff, have you heard the shit before?
On your business?
Nice.
This rocks by the way.
Do you know me or Bloominville?
I feel like this whole game is correct.
Happened because on you was upset about the DEI.
Don't say that.
On the they did.
Don't touch that out.
Grace cut that out.
DEI.
More like DEI.
Diversity.
Equity.
Does it happen today?
You got it. She's got the pacing.
I feel like we could sell the show better with you at the helm.
I feel like we need to talk about the helm.
My guest.
Okay.
If you, yeah.
This could be nominated for one.
So he do a good job.
Oh, okay.
Pressure's on.
He is on top.
On top of that.
The heat is up.
Jeff doesn't even have that on.
It's too young.
Jeff's 25.
25?
For 26.
I'm 29.
It's kind of young.
That's not young.
Pretty baby to me.
I feel like a dead end.
No.
I feel like I'm like still like the youngest in the room.
I feel like I'm sort of like a prodigy sex.
He's a little bit of a prodigy who's prodigy.
Fucking David Cross.
Most NBA all stars are young.
But that's because they're like,
Mozart was younger.
Correct.
And he was DEI.
Amidates?
That's it.
You haven't unrelated.
What about Amidates zero?
Yeah.
Oh, he even had his last name.
Zero is funny.
Oh, I'm really guilty.
Amidates last night.
No.
What about the after party?
What should I say?
The Amber party?
No after the script.
Did not just, you know,
slept like a bear last night.
You went, you had a live stream.
Oh, yeah.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
The live, the doughboys live show is last night.
I was a lot of fun.
Yeah.
That was a lot of fun.
I was a lot of fun.
And like a lot of tickets sold on the live stream as well.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
Have you ever sold out?
Time to see typewriter?
I have.
Have you ever?
Be nice.
Why?
What?
The headgum happy hour.
We sold 150 tickets.
No, like, you're, we did not sell that out.
Well, they roped off sections.
But they filled all the sections that weren't roped off,
which is kind of selling out.
It's selling out like it's cheap to do.
Really?
What?
I don't know.
You know.
I've never sold out that dynasty typewriter.
Well, that's a chew on.
Either way, I'm proud of you.
But you sold it on your own.
Because now you're giving a participation trophy.
By the way, I haven't tried.
I haven't not tried to sell out dynasty typewriter.
But the content is not tried.
Hell bent on not giving the show live shows.
We did well at the Grand Merci Theatre.
We almost had 300 people there.
But they seem to look past that.
They don't think that we can cut it in the live format.
I tend to disagree.
We almost got a show of it.
I think it looks like loose canon.
Like what will you say in that environment when they show it?
I think different than I say here.
You could yell fire.
That's funny.
See.
So.
Did anyone yell fire last night?
I'm maybe like this show is fire.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Which is good.
That actually means good.
Can we talk about onions sheet pants?
That's on your business.
Shut down.
Thank you, Billion.
Can we talk about Amir's stench lunch?
Oh, I feel like so Amir, I don't know if you weren't here for this.
No.
I don't know if you can still smell it through the glass.
Amir had this barbecue and rice.
I want to say dinner.
I was late lunch.
But it had the contents of what should have been said for like a 7pm meal.
When you say, because the eggplant was scalding hot.
It's good, but it's heavy.
It wasn't heavy.
Quite dull, but it was funny because Amir does suggest it for lunch every time we do a group lunch.
And everyone says no.
And so for you to get it on the day when you're just getting lunch for yourself is really.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
I can't veto me.
Well, the first thing I said to you today was, is that
Amir, you just bought, not to be confused with Amir.
Yeah.
I did get confused.
I was like, thank you.
I feel like you're really, I just bought.
Is that Amir, you just heard just walked over with or is it?
One, is it left over is that you didn't put in the fridge for days?
Yeah.
And you said, I said, I just purchased it.
Follow me down in a way.
I feel like it's not just during the show that you're like,
you've really just like answered your question.
What are the contents?
You got eggplant, you got...
Drift-oo rice.
So forky as well.
There was like...
Hashing-olding rice?
There was sort of this...
Hashing milk-oil.
Smothered-saw.
saw.
He's so soft.
So he's soft.
Would you say this episode has been good so far, medium or poor?
This is the fucking best.
That's awesome.
There's no way you can feel that way.
This is gas.
And I actually do have gas.
Yeah.
It's drowsome of the fucking beauty.
From the barbecue.
Yeah.
The barrel of sides that you put together and cold a sauce.
Soy sauce.
Because you had a bad sauce.
Not on your tailor-joy.
Aaron Taylor Johnson is being touted as the new bond.
Do you have something to do?
Oh, that's right.
Maria called it.
Well, she did like five years ago, but-
Which is not less expensive.
Not more.
Well, it seems like we're rounding third and heading home
towards the new James.
I just, so we have to bring back the segment.
Because I tabled it for literally like two weeks.
We've been doing this for four years.
And I just like, well, they're not going to fucking circle the next 007
for like years apparently.
So let's just put this on the shelf right now.
They were waiting for you to shut the fuck up about it.
And then they made it.
And I have beef.
But you know what I say?
I'm sorry.
It's good to be able to predict the joke before even the first sentence.
Please, is that?
Sorry, I'm saying culture.
Yeah.
Right, right.
We should do an episode where it's just the things you say all the time.
And we just kind of...
You find it.
Yeah.
The title is for you, thank you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I are why.
Cool.
I don't know who I am.
That's what the show has kind of become.
What's your glasses help ground you?
I really am like self conscious about the dry eyes.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, here you go.
Dry eyes.
I mean, there's two nice for this show.
I heard it was a Dan Rina bass.
She's only been on once.
I'm afraid I'm actually going to get it.
No, she's a sweetheart.
Thank you.
Um, Amelia, to explain Jeff for four years made every guest every week.
Say who they thought would be the next James Bond.
And then stopped for two weeks and then they announced the next one.
Because the bit was supposed to be, let's track the song until they cast.
But I thought that was going to take a year.
And to take into the floor.
It's not even done yet.
We did it for four.
It's just hard.
Anyway, who do you think should be?
Winning it earned.
Kind of like a linen blanket.
Are we doing bond of the week or one?
Oh, yes, all right.
Mine is Matthew Morrison bond of the week.
And I can't say our Taylor Johnson, he's taken.
I mean, you can.
You might get raped over the calls in the comments.
Yeah, I feel like I feel like that's cheating.
Yeah, yeah.
Um, hmm.
You know what?
Let's get a shallum a bond.
Let's get it.
Let's get a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
A little scrawny.
Yeah, that's exactly what he was sort of an action hero in Dune.
Just kind of a little bit.
There you go.
I'm seeing Dune too tonight.
I'll interesting.
Are you going to text Casey Donnie, you about it?
Cause it's only one's to talk about it.
Yes.
I talked about it with Casey last night, actually.
We can believe it.
Yeah, we're talking about it.
Yeah.
Do two.
Like it's, once the last time, everyone rallied behind something.
Barbonheimer six months ago.
No, Barbonheimer didn't have the same effect that Dune 2 has seemed to have.
Did you actually be not wanting to raise the retirement age in France?
What?
Mm.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's another one.
It's our thing.
I was going to come out and go.
Was another one.
Yeah.
We're going to go to the polls.
That's when people really took off.
Yes.
Yeah.
And in terms of other people's bonds, do you
case out of my responsibility to make you say a bond?
I mean, as you said, hers, I said mine.
Right.
Go ahead or don't.
Sorry, hold for sound.
They're almost hit us.
I was low.
We're clear.
Keep our southern land.
Yeah.
We have to take a quick break.
We're going to take him off him.
I'll be up.
Sorry.
I can't hear you, sure.
This show is sponsored by Better Health.
Guys, a lot of us spend our lives wishing we had more time.
The question is time for what?
If time was unlimited, how would you use it?
Now, the best way to squeeze that special thing into your schedule is to know what's important
to you and make it a priority.
And that's where therapy comes in, because therapy can help you find what matters to you,
so you can do more of it.
I have personally benefited from therapy.
I had it today, and emotionally, I'm kind of soaring because of it.
And that's not an unusual experience on a weekly basis.
I would highly recommend therapy to anyone who has the access to it,
and Better Health makes it easier.
So if you're starting to give therapy a try, or if you're wondering if you should maybe
start therapy and give that a try, give Better Health a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist at any
time for no additional charge.
Learn to make time for what makes you happy with Better Health.
Visit Better Health.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's Better Health, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Health.
And we're back.
Tag yourself.
At least people don't bash them afterwards.
When they say something, you know, about reality, which is like I sometimes wish.
Yeah, I'm the person in the green sweater, just to her right.
Yeah.
Who asked the editor to just cut me out of the clip completely as I want nothing to do with this.
I'm obviously daddy to veto, I guess.
That's good. I'm Chris Evans, who started reply to the street with put it in the loop.
Chris Evans.
Yeah, the fucking turn the TV off for that.
I thought we did well.
Are we not doing like any segments or another convertible?
Jesus.
I like it.
I like, is yours just turned down?
Maybe.
Yeah, I haven't changed the longer.
That's why I don't know why people.
I'm sorry, why don't you have your headphones on your cans?
I can hear it so loudly.
Through other old cans.
Or you'll get cans.
I mean, like, what else do people need to know about you in preparation?
Absolutely nothing.
Really in terms of the things.
They don't need to know anything.
Well, you're from Brooklyn.
Well, I was even close to done.
I was bored.
I was bored and Brooklyn.
But I can't remember.
I was, I was brazed in a suburb outside of Manhattan.
Okay, rye or, oh, well, across the Hudson in the Rockland County area.
So, the palestades of New Jersey.
Of New York, yeah.
I'm not from like the border of New York and New Jersey.
Yeah, so like, if people say I'm from New Jersey, I don't correct because like,
I'm literally a five minute walk from the border.
I love that.
A Pearl River is the name of the town I've from.
Okay, that's right.
Home of the pirates.
You know who lived someone near to there?
Where?
Who?
Jasper Johns.
What about this?
The artist.
But maybe now the ghost to the artist.
He's the artist.
I wouldn't.
Sorry.
He's dead.
I don't know the ghost to the artist.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I was making a cast for it.
Don't he point?
Oh, Jasper's cast for the friend Lee Johns.
That's Jasper's ghost.
I mean, they're fell asleep.
Painting a flag and using the portal.
I'm 41.
You can't waste my time as in disgrace.
So close to that.
It was easier when you were like 37.
Yeah, exactly.
It was fun.
Now it's like times ticking and I'm wasting it in here.
Would you say it's more of a chore or more of a war?
Sure.
Yeah.
And have you done?
You've we've all seen this session.
So there's more on the floor.
Uh-huh.
That's just recording an episode of this show on the floor.
And this is a chore.
You know, on the door.
Yes.
That's it.
And please welcome our next guest, Dan Gore.
It's funny that all of our colleagues, the offices completely.
I'm taking the wrong the podcast and we're in here.
We're at podcast series.
This is episode 198.
I want to say it's a filler episode.
I mean, I don't know if you guys listen to a 99 in a million, but uh,
that was right before the 100th episode, obviously.
And it was just a episode where me Caleb and Shelby like waxed.
It was like each other.
Appropriation of age slash the call in special.
Cool.
Uh, the show is indeed a hemroyed on the network.
It's kind of a growth.
Yeah.
It's like basically, uh,
ultimately not a single vein.
The land.
Yeah.
It's sort of like, uh, eight.
It hurts over the tanker or otherwise.
Correct.
Uh, on the roof of the mouth of joy.
It's a mole.
Whereas I'm the turt and you're in four of wisdom and the conquering of fear.
Oftentimes what ends up in its stead is a canker.
That that is like slam poetry right there.
Thank you.
So compared to a dough boy's episode, how is this one?
Um, a little less structured maybe.
Yeah, yeah, I would say a little less structured, but you know what?
That's, that's where all the one way.
Right?
Welcome to the Nash cab.
Well, here's how this show is going to work.
I'm going to ask you various, uh, multiple choice questions about
Bruxism, the Nash.
And nine of teeth.
I'm going to read it.
Sorry, on your are we boring you?
You took so long to just pull that up.
Yeah, but people have a check screen in that.
All the challenge.
Now who do you tested?
I was checking email from.
I got one from Miles Bonson, you're a.
And what did he say?
He said he's fucking busy when you wanted him to be in the studio.
So really?
I want to send an hour check emails too.
That's you want to send me one?
Yeah.
Why is it more exciting to the three of you?
Why don't we just take the time to check our email for a little bit.
Then it's like, okay, we'll be able to come back to the show.
The renewing email is.
And then I'll play the city on your behalf cab.
All right, uh, these questions are worth cash, though.
That's so much.
No, I'm paying attention now.
Well, no, you're getting your cash.
No, well, you guys made your bed.
No, you got to lie in it.
So why don't you check your email.
And I want to add to it.
That's going to end up on my time card.
Sorry, Marty.
But I thought this was Nash cab.
It's Nash cab, but that doesn't mean you can't win cash.
Oh, wait, you told me about this and I said, don't do it.
I'm saying, Nash cab is a cash grab.
I'm saying that you can win money if you play along.
Could you win Nash?
What's up?
Could you win Nash, perhaps?
If you guys were a Nashville, for every question, you guys write all Nash.
My teeth.
Okay, sort of grind.
Down to a nob, down to the gums.
Okay.
And now I'm going to have.
All right, here we go.
Question number one.
Check your emails.
No, I'm.
That's the question.
Okay.
What is the medical term for the gnashing of teeth?
A, Bruxism.
He just said it.
Oh, we're Bruxism.
I didn't mean to say it to the intro.
Right.
So who said it?
You mean it?
Take the cash.
I don't mind.
Buy bucks from Marty.
Again, for the record, he asked me.
He should do this and I said no.
Yeah.
He said, can I put the money on my time card?
I said no.
It's just hard.
It's not hard.
It's hard to put together stuff.
But I'm really planning the next episode.
You know what I mean?
You're really gnashing your teeth at me.
I have a lot of anxiety.
And it ends up at the tips of my canines.
Nashing.
He means his dog's.
Bruxism.
All right.
Hi, question.
I go, hey, Bruxism.
I'm dollars to Amelia.
Marino.
Yes.
Number two.
Signs.
Signs and symptoms of gnashing your teeth
include a, aching teeth.
B, ear pain.
C, both A and B or D all of the above.
So C is D.
C and D.
Who said D?
Me.
Correct $5 to the woman wearing a duvet.
Number two.
Oh, my god.
That is not going to fly.
What are you talking about?
On my face.
That's the way that fly.
I don't know about where mirror lives, right?
Bucking up to the fucking thing.
It's hard.
Leaping.
Number three, who in this room is most at risk
for for lack of a better term, Bruxism?
A, a mirror.
B, Amelia.
C, Ania, or D, B.
D, I don't know with a mirror.
Well, I got the grind guard.
So I don't know if that puts me at high risk or fun.
You can't be at risk or something.
You already have because the risk is passed.
You have.
I don't agree with that.
I would say he's more at risk because he experiences it.
If you take out your guard, then you're, you're screwed.
If you get run over by an 18 wheeler or you at risk for being run over by an 18 wheeler,
it doesn't remove the risk of an happening again.
It's hard because it's also a risk of a reward.
I'm not seeing any reward.
Lightening can strike twice.
That's true.
The reward is five bucks.
Charge to Marty for a season.
You know what?
No, we're given it to a mirror.
I didn't say anything.
He didn't say anything.
But it's kind of a consolation prize for using the grind guard.
Rising behind guard.
What's up?
These options clear.
What's the best way to manage teeth gnashing?
A, regular exercise.
B, eating more regularly.
See having discipline or de-buying a bite-splint.
Boto.
Oh, yeah, master.
Both incorrect, unfortunately.
This one's kind of subjective, but there is a race.
Um, it's actually, oh, go ahead on you.
No, no, I'm just pointing out that it can't be kind of subjective,
but also have already answered.
It's hard.
Have you guys done, master, about talks for a TM today?
I don't know.
No, but I heard you know about it.
You heard about it.
Yeah, because it's a small talk.
It helps, uh, with the locks.
It helps relax this muscle.
So you grind as much.
Because the muscle of how much you have to relax.
It's like sprinklers like.
We're trophying my tight.
Yeah.
Bucking.
As my neck, my ass, my gums, my teeth.
Which we've seen?
Are you happy that your segment has brought up at Sparked Conversation?
I don't want ambient nonsense to be said between three people who, frankly,
don't give a damn if I'm included or excluded, diversity wise.
What I wanted these segment to be was about the gnashing and nine of teeth,
the splinting of bites, and having discipline!
It was the correct answer that I wanted to hear.
Okay.
Discorrect answer that I want to do.
What have you do to your sleep?
You can't discipline yourself and your sleep.
You got to do it.
I'm really trying to bring logic to Jeff's world is really,
it's frustrating.
I can tell.
Yeah.
Well, it's hard, you know?
Again.
For me, like a risk without water.
This is a walk in the park for me.
Tell him to be.
That was it?
I got, we each got five bucks.
You guys have now entered the MASH cab.
We're starting over every minute.
Just to get in.
That was just a fucking practice.
No, we've been in the MASH cab.
Sorry.
I don't interrupt you.
Yes, you.
Really?
Yes.
Hard to have a fresh set out.
Oh, it's a new year.
Anyhow, uh...
Anyhow, um...
Go on.
On cash cab.
They have something called the Red Light Challenge.
Yep.
Which is where they kind of stop.
And they kind of do this 30 second, uh, power round.
Where they try to name as many blank things that fall into a category.
Got it.
It's going to be the John Disgum's Challenge.
Challenge.
So basically...
This is going to be the John Disgum's Challenge.
So basically, on the show, it's the Red Light Challenge.
Okay.
On this show, it's going to be the John Disgum's Challenge.
Yeah, challenge.
Okay.
So, challenge or challenge.
Challenge.
Okay.
Winner gets a challenge.
You're each going to have 30 seconds.
Today, my name is many things about John Disgum's as boss.
How are you all on the same team?
You are well...
No.
I'm so tired.
I know.
Me too.
Good thing you're under a duvet.
Why is...
When I said it, you said you crossed the line.
It's funny when I'm real.
It's kind of charming and nice when she's...
When I do it, it's disarming.
It's charming.
It's alarming how charming it feels.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know what a John Disgum is.
Okay, we can fucking zoom out.
Is that yellow?
You can make pictures.
Yellow gums?
Yeah, it's like a vitamin deficiency that creates like a yellow wing.
But I forget what it is.
In gums instead of them.
No, in your skin.
That I know, but gums...
That wouldn't happen to your gums.
Yeah.
Maybe he's like a bi-elegant.
Can you say yellow?
It's a bi-elegant.
Yeah, it's tracked to a liver issue.
It doesn't have to be John Disgums.
But it can be just about gnashing to you.
Okay.
So completely different than what you said.
Dental anything would be good.
So there's 30 seconds to name the most terms.
Okay.
About dental issues.
Okay, got it.
I have Soviet teeth, so I have a lot of those.
Let's just say you guys are all in the same team.
And let's see if you can get to 30 terms in 30 seconds.
Okay.
That's so many.
Have we got 20?
20?
30 seconds.
Okay.
Let's do it in 30.
18 terms in 30 seconds.
Meaning each are responsible for six, ready?
Okay.
But what if we say the same ones?
Those don't count.
No duplicates.
That's kind of the challenge.
Okay, so we'll go around like this.
Okay.
I'll start, ready?
All right.
Well, hang on.
Let's get our, uh, uh, let's get our ducks out.
Hour.
My ducks aren't all at yours.
I think so.
Okay.
Is there makeup all over my face from crying?
I'm sorry.
Waffing?
Oh, no.
I was, tears.
All right, ready?
Yep.
30 seconds in the board.
Three, two, one.
Nashka!
Cavities.
Gum recession.
Rocksism.
Kanker source.
Plack.
Hallitosis.
Gumb disease.
Rook, rook, rook, now.
What's the one where you have the little stuff in your tonsils?
I can't hear tonsils, tonsils, tonsils.
How many have you gotten?
I can't really read them, sorry.
I'm total.
Paper cut on your tongue.
What?
Paper cut on your tongue?
Paper cut?
Yeah.
Kanker source.
Uh, your, your two falls out.
That's good.
Um, you need a crown.
Oh, yeah, crown or screw?
It's over.
That was it.
Uh, two.
You get nine.
Uh, we got 10.
We got 18, we hit it.
I think we got 18.
I think we got 18 because we said Kanker source twice.
That's right.
So, that doesn't make sense.
That doesn't make sense on your hands.
On your, you had five.
No, I just, you didn't see them here.
I'm really didn't know.
I don't raise toes.
No, like down here, my head won't hand down.
I had four on your head five, and then Amelia had nine.
No way.
Yeah, true.
That's what happened.
The tapes.
It's being recorded.
Grace run it back.
And it's being recorded.
If you're watching this on YouTube.
And you're going to jail.
Where's our Nash?
You owe us five, Dad.
Um, oh, yeah, okay.
Up the sound of his grinding.
Really proud.
Oh, it's like horrible.
Oh, it's awful, awful, horrific.
You hear that?
Yeah, oh, yeah, I'm listening.
Disgusting.
You know that there's at least one guy jerking off to that.
You guys put my health at risk,
dentally, and I'll never forget that.
Dental dams.
That's one more.
Yeah.
Is that a, yeah.
Dental thing.
That's the word dental, right in it.
What is this one?
And we're back as a TikTok song.
Here's what we're going to do next to me.
Who's the most famous person in your phone?
Ben shorts.
That's can't be the most famous person.
Rick Fox.
Call on a who that is.
Do you know Ben is?
Yeah.
There we go.
Call Ben.
He's in the UK.
Okay, call Rick.
It's supposed to be yours.
Who's the next most famous?
Jake.
Call Jake.
Call Jake up.
Harwoods?
Call Jake, Harwoods.
Call Jake.
Harwoods.
He might be doing like bath time for himself.
Bath time can wait.
Gemma.
Hey, Jake, leave a message.
Hey, I'm on the headgum podcast and Jeff wanted me to do this.
Not quite a message.
Yes, it was.
What was the message?
You were in prison here.
After Jake, who's the most famous person in your phone?
God.
I mean me.
Onya?
Call her.
You're not listening to me at all.
I'm not listening to you at all.
All right, you really want me to call the most the fourth most famous person I've owned.
You said it was on you.
Call on you.
Taylor Joy.
Yes.
Hey, you've reached your prison.
I'm unable to come to the phone right now.
But if you leave a message with your name, then you
I'll get a few to the account.
Hey, sounds awful.
Hey, Jeff, it's me.
Call me back when you get a chance.
Well, I leave a message because there wasn't any messages in there.
The message was calling me back.
That is a message.
Just want to let you know to hit me back.
Just chat.
Truly yours.
You're biggest fan.
This is me.
The weird thing is, um, so I'm an M reference.
Correct.
Okay.
Next most famous.
Eminem.
Nick Wager.
Call him.
No, he was just here.
He's busy.
All right.
Next most famous.
What's the goal of the game for me to call someone
to them to pick up and then what?
We kind of have another guest on the show.
I, you know, at the real owners of this was was like,
let's get a fucking clip.
Let's get a social clip.
So maybe we don't need the call.
But we have to put the four of our heads together and be like,
what's going to go viral?
We've never used a clip from this show and made like a vertical video
asset out of it.
And we, it's because we haven't done what we're doing right now,
which is gaming the system forcing something that's viral.
Exactly right.
You should call Jake Johnson.
I don't know.
I'll take this one number.
No idea.
Google me, you should ask,
on you with the most famous person.
On you, who's the most famous person?
Jake Johnson.
Call him.
Please busy.
Who's the next most famous?
What?
I'm going to just do this all day.
Yeah.
Well, he, he's,
what if he picked you up?
And then he fucking ghosted me.
That'd be crazy.
I think if I like to call Jake,
which either of them.
Okay.
You know what?
And it's the goal too.
Who's the next most famous?
Mike Mitchell.
Call him.
Right.
So why grew you didn't want to bother?
Mitch, you also was just here.
Well, Mitch, you have the Massachusetts connection.
Yeah, you're allowed to bother people from Massachusetts.
So you're also from Massachusetts.
South, they bother us.
He's not going to like this.
He's not going to, I don't think he's not going to like this.
He's going to like, oh, hi.
Also, you don't have to call Mitch.
He'll be back.
I'm not going to.
Okay.
Who's the next most famous person?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I feel like we barely got to do the job.
Just come, shall.
Let's go back to that.
That's mine.
Let's go back to talking about you.
Whatever you want to talk about diversity.
Let's circle back.
I don't think we should include that.
Nice.
Amelia, who would you say is the most famous person in your phone?
Just for the social clip.
Don't worry about it.
That's awesome.
On your business.
She fucks up.
It's Dan Reno.
It's hard pop up.
Guess what?
Amelia's dad's name is.
You guess.
10 Amelia.
You have five guesses.
10.
No.
Sam?
Short for Sanford.
Don't think that that's not a person.
Traveling?
No.
Bo?
Onya.
No.
Tony Zero.
It's Scorpion.
Can you believe?
Your dad's name is Scorpion Marino.
Yeah.
No.
Wait.
That's three.
What do you mean?
I heard he's in my phone.
It's Scorpion.
OK.
So it's just what he's isn't your phone.
Well, I mean, no.
He came home one day and was like,
I go by Scorpion now.
So then we all leave.
Legally or just like socially, I guess.
Oh, what's his real name?
A letter to you.
Oh, I'm really glad.
He's Leonard.
He wants to go by Scorpion.
Yeah, he came home with a giant scorpion tattoo on his hand.
And when was his birthday?
And vice versa.
Yeah, he's a Scorpio.
Just remember.
Yeah.
Remember what?
Second.
We got a figure this shit out.
Because I feel like we didn't quite get a social clip.
And that was my only goal from this episode.
Really us naming incredibly famous people that we
call this.
I think it's one you said challenge.
That was good because we're all laughing.
Yeah, because I don't do well.
The social clip doesn't mean to be as laughing.
And that's to be us, like teaching people shit.
Yeah, how to say the word challenge?
I guess learning what not to do is also valuable in terms of it.
It's the do's and don't say challenge.
It's the challenge challenge.
See who could say the word.
So you can say the word challenge.
Plugs, what do you guys have going on?
How long was that?
45.
No way.
47 actually.
I just, um, most guys don't really work.
So I'm sorry, this was your first one.
Amelia, but I thought it went really well.
I'm honored to be a part of the filler episode.
Just come on another time.
I just have to come on another time.
Ideally, the two of that episode.
Oh, yeah, what do we do for that?
Yeah, I'm a secret.
So it is a secret.
You haven't told them.
I've told him.
I haven't told everybody else who's listening.
Who's side at Jeffrey James on Instagram,
patreon.com forward slash Riley and Jeff.
And that's all I have.
What do you guys have?
You can follow me on Instagram at Skidmark 4.
Or you can follow me on Letterbox at Skidmark.
That's all I got going on.
Plug your memo.
It's a Amelia hyphen marino.
And it's a photo of me as a juggalo.
My beenmo full name on your kind of sky up.
You can add to the Nash cab fund there.
Radio free on you.
The love motel submit.
Ask us questions.
Love advice.
We'd love to hear from you.
Probably should plug a show.
Listen to doughboys.
Oh, yeah.
Listen to doughboys podcast.
Listen to geotic new season launch today.
March 27th.
I'm doing a time reveal.
Yeah.
It's all video.
They haven't asked me to be on weirdly.
They don't want me on.
That's true.
And see you guys again next week for the 200th episode.
That's unbelievable.
What is you cut me out of the plugs?
Projects come on.
I know that you're working on something.
Always cook and stick around.
I guess.
Kind of firing off some pretty funny stories.
Yeah.
At the mirror.
Okay.
How did you snag that?
How did you spell that?
I knew somebody who worked at Facebook when they acquired Instagram.
Wait, really?
Yeah.
And they're like, you call them.
And they're like, you know, the person, if the person who you
squatted on a mirror doesn't use the account ever, we can give it to you.
And like, some person squatted on the name.
Like, it was amazing.
Didn't use it for, yeah.
Cohen had it for three years.
And they like, that's what I mean.
He didn't respond to like, he just had it.
Can they help me get skinmark on Instagram?
Because I'm skinmarked for.
And I'm trying to snag that's that ship is probably
something that was on the end of the days.
Yeah.
Now I'm trying to sell my Instagram handle.
Come on.
Really use it.
To Cohen.
To any of them, I'm here in the world.
Cohen.
One of my high school goalkeeping coach, I'm here.
Colin.
Yeah.
That was a hit dumb original.